[Intro (spoken): Little Simz, Little Simz's Mother]
What you telling me, where are you?
But um, I'm just on my way home now
Yeah?
Yeah, and I'm gonna quickly get ready
Alright, cool, say nothing, um, yeah I'm just like recording
Oh, okay
So, um, yeah, meet me after
Yeah?
Yeah
So the car comes in there at 8
Alright, cool
Have the clothes come yet, or not?
Nah, they haven't you know
[?] Alright, cool, say nothing. Cool. Peace

[Verse: Little Simz]
Oh, what a day
I've been working, no breaks
Car is coming at 8
Jasmine said to come meet me, but she'll probably be late
Shit, it's 7:15, time is running away
I've got just over a half an hour to finish this interlude
I put my celly on mute, everything else can wait
Mom's been bellin' me off, haven't seen her in days
She know I'm tryna get to this money, tryna get paid
She sent me goodmorning text and that shit brightens my day
I never take that for granted, man, that woman is great
I'm forgetful at times, and imperfect always
But see the love for my mother you can never replace
She worry about me at times, but she know I'm ok
She gettin' older I know, and it's scary to say
Oh, talkin' about it ain't enough and I know now, ay
I'ma call her on the phone now, ay, wait

[Interlude: Little Simz, Little Simz's Mother]
Hello, Simbi
Mom, where are you?
I'm going now, I'm [?]
Where are you?
I'm in the cab
Where you goin'?
I'm up to see my friend in uh...southeast
Oh, ok, but mom I'm-
Simbi [?]?
Yeah, I'm just working. I'm in the studio
Oh, God bless you. So anyways, goodluck darling. Tell it to everyone
Yeah, I will
I love everyone, I love [?]
Alright, love you
Yeah, stay strong

[Verse: Little Simz]
Oh, what a life
Ain't no time for these guys, man my schedule is tight
Leaving London on Saturday and I'm dreading the flight
True, they bought me them comfy seats so I'll probably be aight
Can't get the words out quick enough then I'm probably high
If I don't talk much when you see me then I'm probably tired
And you're prolly inspired, how I juggle these rhymes
Back when I was a youngin, man it was a simpler time
Shit I be doing for fun, it's not always serious stuff
Though it's the realest that why we don't always hear it as much
I'm tryna better myself and they playin' catch-up with me
Don't make me drop another album just to gas up the scene
Don't make me call up my Space Age brothers to light up your team
There ain't no fucks to give when Josh gets on that mic and I get mean
Shit, I knew something slipped my mind, ay
True, was meant to holler Josh, find out what he say, what's he sayin?

[Verse: Josh Arce]
Yo, I just came from watchin' this show
I love seein' people doin' their thing on their own
I was just a bayer, hate that word, but I just had to say
I had a good day and now I'm on my way to the place I call home
On the train, mouth watering, like it's rain, for the mic
I couldn't wait, already had things in my brain I'ma write
You say they got bars for days, I got ways for a life
Brain waves, sound waves
Waves that will make you stay high
All of my focus is on this thing I've been focusing on for seven years and counting
You could never take my focus no matter how long I focus on different things, I will always go back to this
Because this is what I've been countin' on for the win
I haven't been as involved as I could of been, but way more involved in my life, growing into my skin
I guess it's all relative to each other, everything is off kin
What you do is a reflection of what you are
Collection of things